Updates to documentation (#114)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/userguide/INSTALLATION.md

This guide describes how to provision the cloud environment infrastructure and install Atlassian Data Center products in a Kubernetes cluster running on AWS.

!!! warning "Supported Products and Platforms"

    * [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/){.external} is the only supported cloud provider.
    * [Bamboo DC](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bamboo/bamboo-8-1-release-notes-1103070461.html){.external} is the only supported DC product

>     Support for additional Cloud providers and DC products will be made available in future.

Reviewer: - [ ] Drop this

## 1. Set up AWS security credentials

Set up a user with an administrator IAM role. See [Configuration basics — AWS Command Line Interface](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html){.external}.

## 2. Clone the project repository

Clone the `data-center-terraform` project repository from GitHub:

```shell

> git clone https://github.com/atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform.git

Reviewer 2: Yes, we should keep -b <version_tag>, however we may not specify a hardcoded version here in the documentation. But we can provide a link to the version tag page. 

Also better to keep the `cd` command to go to the root of repo after cloning. WDYT?

## 4. Run the installation script

Based on how `config.tfvars` has been configured the installation script will 

1. Provision the environment and infrastructure 
2. Install the selected DC product(s) 

Installation is fully automated and requires no user intervention. Terraform is invoked under the hood which handles the creation and management of the Kubernetes infrastructure.

??? info "Terraform deployment details"
    To keep track of the current state of the resources and manage changes, Terraform creates an [AWS S3 bucket](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/){.external} to store the current state of the environment. An [AWS DynamoDB](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/) table is created to handle the locking of remote state files during the installation, upgrade, and cleanup stages to prevent the environment from being modified by more than one process at a time. 

    The installation script, `install.sh`, is located in the root folder of the project.

Usage:  

```shell
./install.sh [-c <config_file_path>] [-h]
```

The following options are available:

> - `-c <config_file_path>` - Pass a custom configuration file when provisioning multiple environments

Reviewer 2: Also we need to warn to not using `-t` in `uninstall` command if there are any other environment is installed in the same region with the same account. Because `-t` will remove the s3 and dynamodb permanently which those are responsible for maintaining the state for all environment in the same region and created by the same account. 
Otherwise the remaining environments could not be managed by terraform.

- `-h` - Display help information

!!!info "Installation using default and custom configuration files" 

    Running the installation script with no parameters will use the default configuration file (`config.tfvars`) to provision the environment:

    ```shell
    ./install.sh
    ```

    Alternatively a custom configuration file can be specified as follows:

    ```shell
    ./install.sh -c my-custom-config.tfvars
    ```

??? help "How do I find the service URL of the deployed DC product?"    

>     When the installation process finishes successfully detailed information about the infrastructure is printed to `STDOUT`, this includes the service `URL` that can be used to launch the product in the browser.      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the installation process finishes successfully detailed information about the infrastructure is printed to `STDOUT`, this includes the `product_urls` value that can be used to launch the product in the browser.      
```
